Install uyuni and adoc ke (#880)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/installation/pages/uyuni-server-setup.adoc

[[server-setup]]
= Uyuni Server Setup

This section covers {productname} Server setup, using these procedures:

* Start {productname} setup with {yast}
* Create the main administration account with the {productname} {webui}
* Name your base organization and add login credentials
* Synchronize the {sle} product channel from {scc}

> == Set up {productname} with {yast}

Reviewer: This is incomplete. It's not explained to the user how to get the packages installed first :-)

For stable: https://www.uyuni-project.org/pages/stable-version.html
For master: https://www.uyuni-project.org/pages/devel-version.html

It's basically the same procedure with different repositories, but I am not sure you you want to handle when to show stable and when master. Maybe it's something to be discussed with @jcayouette

Author: For this, we now have install-uyuni.adoc.

This section will guide you through {productname} setup procedures.

.Procedure: {productname} Setup
. Log in to the {productname} Server and start {yast}.

. In {yast}, navigate to menu:Network Services[Uyuni Setup] to begin the setup.

+

> // To be verified

Reviewer: Right, needs to be verified before merging.

Author: verified

. From the introduction screen select menu:Uyuni Setup[Setup Uyuni from scratch] and click btn:[Next] to continue.

. Enter an email address to receive status notifications and click btn:[Next] to continue.
{productname} can sometimes send a large volume of notification emails.
You can disable email notifications in the {webui} after setup, if you need to.

. Enter your certificate information and a password.
Passwords must be at at least seven characters in length, and must not contain spaces, single or double quotation marks (``'`` or ``"``), exclamation marks (``!``), or dollar signs (``$``).
Always store your passwords in a secure location.
+

[IMPORTANT]
.Certificate Password
====
Without this password it will not be possible to set up a {productname} Proxy Server.
====

. Click btn:[Next] to continue.
+

// image::quickstart-mgr-setup4-ncurses.png[scaledwidth=80%]

+

> // To be verified

Reviewer: Same

Author: verified

.Admin and User Accounts
====
The main administration account is the _highest authority account_ within {productname} and therefore account access information should be stored in a secure location.

For security it is recommended that the main administrator creates _low level admin accounts_ designated for administration of organizations and individual groups.
====

.Procedure: Setting Up the Main Administration Account
. In the browser, enter the address provided after completing setup.
With this address you open the {productname} {webui}.

. In the {webui}, navigate to the menu:Create Organization[Organization Name] field and enter your organization name.

. In the menu:Create Organization[Desired Login] and menu:Create Organization[Desired Password] fields, enter your username and password.

. Fill in the Account Information fields including an email for system notifications.

. Click btn:[Create Organization] to finish creating your administration account.
+

// image::quickstart-mgr-setup-admin1.png[scaledwidth=80%]

You are now presented with the {productname} menu:Home[Overview] page.
// In the next section you will prepare the server for connecting the first client.

> == Synchronizing Products from {scc}

Reviewer: We need to clearly state that this optional.

Author: ok, I added such tags.

* Start {productname} setup with {yast}
* Create the main administration account with the {productname} {webui}
* Name your base organization and add login credentials
* Synchronize the {sle} product channel from {scc}

[[server-setup-yast]]
== Set up {productname} with {yast}

This section will guide you through {productname} setup procedures.

.Procedure: {productname} Setup
. Log in to the {productname} Server and start {yast}.

. In {yast}, navigate to menu:Network Services[Uyuni Setup] to begin the setup.

. From the introduction screen select menu:Uyuni Setup[Set up Uyuni from scratch] and click btn:[Next] to continue.

. Enter an email address to receive status notifications and click btn:[Next] to continue.
{productname} can sometimes send a large volume of notification emails.
You can disable email notifications in the {webui} after setup, if you need to.

. Enter your certificate information and a password.
Passwords must be at at least seven characters in length, and must not contain spaces, single or double quotation marks (``'`` or ``"``), exclamation marks (``!``), or dollar signs (``$``).
Always store your passwords in a secure location.
+

[IMPORTANT]

> .Certificate Password

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

====

> Without this password it will not be possible to set up a {productname} Proxy Server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must have the certificate password to set up a {productname} Proxy Server.
```

====

. Click btn:[Next] to continue.
+

// image::quickstart-mgr-setup4-ncurses.png[scaledwidth=80%]

. From the menu:Uyuni Setup[Database Settings] screen, enter a database user and password and click btn:[Next] to continue.
Passwords must be at at least seven characters in length, and must not contain spaces, single or double quotation marks (``'`` or ``"``), exclamation marks (``!``), or dollar signs (``$``).
Always store your passwords in a secure location.
+

// image::quickstart-mgr-setup5-ncurses.png[scaledwidth=80%]

. Click btn:[Next] to continue.

. Click btn:[Yes] to run setup when prompted.

. When setup is complete, click btn:[Next] to continue.
You will see the address of the {productname} {webui}.

. Click btn:[Finish] to complete {productname} setup.

// In the next section you will create the administrator's account and synchronize with {scc}.

> == Creating the Main Administration Account

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Create the Main Administration Account
```

> This section will walk you through creating your organization's main administration account for {productname}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section covers how to create your organization's main administration account for {productname}.
```

[WARNING]

> .Admin and User Accounts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

====

> The main administration account is the _highest authority account_ within {productname} and therefore account access information should be stored in a secure location.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The main administration account has the highest authority within {productname}.
Ensure you keep access information for this account secure.
```

> For security it is recommended that the main administrator creates _low level admin accounts_ designated for administration of organizations and individual groups.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend that you create lower level administration accounts for organizations and groups.
Do not share the main administration access details.
```

====

.Procedure: Setting Up the Main Administration Account

> . In the browser, enter the address provided after completing setup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

. In your web browser, enter the address for the {productname} {webui}.
This address was provided after you completed setup.
```

For more information, see xref:uyuni-server-setup.adoc#server-setup-yast[].

> With this address you open the {productname} {webui}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> . In the {webui}, navigate to the menu:Create Organization[Organization Name] field and enter your organization name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Log in to the {webui}, navigate to the menu:Create Organization[Organization Name] field, and enter your organization name.
```

. In the menu:Create Organization[Desired Login] and menu:Create Organization[Desired Password] fields, enter your username and password.

. Fill in the Account Information fields including an email for system notifications.

. Click btn:[Create Organization] to finish creating your administration account.
+

// image::quickstart-mgr-setup-admin1.png[scaledwidth=80%]

> You are now presented with the {productname} menu:Home[Overview] page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you have completed the {productname} {webui} setup, you are taken to the menu:Home[Overview] page.
```

// In the next section you will prepare the server for connecting the first client.

== Optional: Synchronizing Products from {scc}

{scc} (SCC) maintains a collection of repositories which contain packages, software and updates for all supported enterprise client systems.
These repositories are organized into channels each of which provide software specific to a distribution, release, and architecture.

> After synchronizing with SCC clients may receive updates, and be organized into groups and assigned to specific product software channels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After synchronizing with SCC, clients can receive updates, be organized into groups, and assigned to specific product software channels.
```

This section covers synchronizing with SCC from the {webui} and adding your first client channel.

[NOTE]
====
For Uyuni, synchronizing products from {scc} is optional.
====

Before you can synchronize software repositories with SCC, you will need to enter organization credentials in {productname}.

> In previous versions, so-called mirror credentials were used instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In previous versions, mirror credentials were used instead.
```

> The organization credentials give you access to the SUSE product downloads.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The organization credentials give you access to the {suse} product downloads.
```

You will find your organization credentials in https://scc.suse.com/organization.

Enter your organization credentials in the {productname} {webui}:

[[proc-admin-organization-credentials]]
.Procedure: Entering Organization Credentials

> . In the {susemgr} {webui}, select menu:Main Menu[Admin > Setup Wizard].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the {susemgr} {webui}, navigate to menu:Main Menu[Admin > Setup Wizard].
```

> . From the [guimenu]``Setup Wizard`` page select the btn:[Organization Credentials] tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the [guimenu]``Setup Wizard`` page, navigate to the btn:[Organization Credentials] tab.
```

. Click btn:[Add a new credential].

> . In the dialog, enter [guimenu]``Username`` and [guimenu]``Password``, and confirm with btn:[Save].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Enter a username and password, and click btn:[Save].
```

> When the credentials are confirmed with a check-mark icon, proceed with <<proc-quickstart-first-channel-sync>>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A check mark icon is shown when the credentials are confirmed.
When you have successfully entered the new credentials, you can synchronize with {scc}.
```

[[proc-quickstart-first-channel-sync]]
.Procedure: Synchronizing with {scc}

> . In the {webui}, navigate to menu:Admin[Setup Wizard].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the {productname} {webui}, navigate to menu:Admin[Setup Wizard].
```

. From the [guimenu]``Setup Wizard`` page select the btn:[SUSE Products] tab.
Wait a moment for the products list to populate.
If you previously registered with {scc} a list of products will populate the table.
This table lists architecture, channels, and status information.
For more information, see xref:reference:admin/setup-wizard.adoc[Wizard].
+

> image::admin_suse_products.png[scaledwidth=80%]

Reviewer 2: Probably should move this image out of the procedure, to avoid breaking it up. Can it go at the end?

Author: I think the image belongs here.  Later or earlier it's confusing or useless.  With the "+" connector the procedure will hopefully not break up....

. If your {sle} client is based on [systemitem]``x86_64`` architecture scroll down the page and select the check box for this channel now.
+

* Add channels to {productname} by selecting the check box to the left of each channel.
Click the arrow symbol to the left of the description to unfold a product and list available modules.

> * Click btn:[Add Products] to start product synchronization.

Reviewer 2: Why did we shift to bullets here?

Author: The "Click the arrow symbol" sentence belongs to the "Add channels" item. If the user does not see the product, the user might appreciate if we say that using the arrow symbol could be useful.

Is this what you want to know?

After adding the channel, {productname} will schedule the channel to be synchronized.
This can take a long time as {productname} will copy channel software sources from the {suse} repositories located at {scc} to local [path]``/var/spacewalk/`` directory of your server.

> [TIP]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
```

> .PostgreSQL and Transparent Huge Pages

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

====

> In some environments, _Transparent Huge Pages_ provided by the kernel may slow down PostgreSQL workloads significantly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In some environments, transparent huge pages provided by the kernel can slow down PostgreSQL workloads significantly.
```

> To disable _Transparant Huge Pages_ set the [option]``transparent_hugepage`` kernel parameter to [option]``never``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To disable transparent huge pages, set the [parameter]``transparent_hugepage`` kernel parameter to ``never``.
```

> This has to be changed in [path]``/etc/default/grub`` and added to the line [option]``GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT``, for example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will also need to open the [path]``/etc/default/grub`` file and add or edit the line [option]``GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT``.
For example:
```

[[server-setup]]
= Uyuni Server Setup

This section covers {productname} Server setup, using these procedures:

* Start {productname} setup with {yast}
* Create the main administration account with the {productname} {webui}
* Name your base organization and add login credentials
* Synchronize the {sle} product channel from {scc}

[[server-setup-yast]]
== Set up {productname} with {yast}

This section will guide you through {productname} setup procedures.

.Procedure: {productname} Setup
. Log in to the {productname} Server and start {yast}.

> . In {yast}, navigate to menu:Network Services[Uyuni Setup] to begin the setup.

Reviewer: Should we maybe give the same instructions as for SUSE Manager, calling the yast module directly?

Author: as long as we do not have uyuni_server_setup file or link, I would not talk about the filename here.

. Fill in the Account Information fields including an email for system notifications.

. Click btn:[Create Organization] to finish creating your administration account.
+

// image::quickstart-mgr-setup-admin1.png[scaledwidth=80%]

When you have completed the {productname} {webui} setup, you are taken to the menu:Home[Overview] page.
// In the next section you will prepare the server for connecting the first client.

== Optional: Synchronizing Products from {scc}

{scc} (SCC) maintains a collection of repositories which contain packages, software and updates for all supported enterprise client systems.
These repositories are organized into channels each of which provide software specific to a distribution, release, and architecture.
After synchronizing with SCC, clients can receive updates, be organized into groups, and assigned to specific product software channels.

This section covers synchronizing with SCC from the {webui} and adding your first client channel.

[NOTE]
====
For Uyuni, synchronizing products from {scc} is optional.
====

Before you can synchronize software repositories with SCC, you will need to enter organization credentials in {productname}.

> In previous versions, mirror credentials were used instead.

Reviewer: I am afraid that despite the UI is confusing, we still use mirror  credentials:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4226070/69347464-c8a1ad80-0c74-11ea-87df-947d375d5d2e.png)

And I am pretty sure it's the same for SUSE Manager.

Author: ok, I remove this sentence.
